---
layout: lab
title: Grading and deadlines
category: metalab
lab: 0
ready: true
single: true
---

## Course points

Students are collecting assessment points. They come from a continuous assessment in the semester time:
The assessment method of this course consists of: 

   * **laboratory exercises** evaluated during the exercise time (up to 40 pts.), 
   * written exam (0-60 pts.). 

In addition to satisfying the above assessment requirements, every student must satisfy the attendance requirements. 
There is an **obligatory attendance of tutorials** and an optional attendance of the lecture. 

## Tutorial part grading

| **Total tutorial points**                 | **40** | **Due date** |
|-------------------------------------------|--------|--------------|
| L1: Image formation, camera calibration.  | 5      | 2019-10-15   |
| L2: Image processing and segmentation.    | 8      | 2019-10-29   |
| L3: Stereo-vision.                        | 4      | 2019-11-12   |
| L4: Perspective projection and homography | 8      | 2019-11-26   |
| L5: RGB-D registration.                   | 10     | 2020-01-14   |
| L6: Deep learning, CNN.                   | 5      | 2020-01-28   | 
| Each week of delay                        | -2     |              |
|-------------------------------------------|--------|--------------|



## Points will be cut for:

   * repetitive code fragments - instead use loops (e.g. for, while),
   * hardcoded values like vector lengths - instead use variables or function parameters,
   * bad code style - for every task create a Matlab function making all the computations, if necessary use more functions for doing internal computations,
   * lack of comments in code.

## Plagiarism policy

Based on some cases from previous years, here are some important reminders.
You should work on your own (or in pairs in case of the project), and all of your 
code should be written by you. If you take some functions from external sources
(Mathworks FileExchange, Stack Overflow etc.) you must clearly state that
(i.e. in code comments, in the report). Removing original author notes 
and license information will be treated as plagiarism. 

You are allowed (and we encourage you to do so!) to discuss the tasks 
in bigger group to better understand them, but finally all the codes
should be written individually. You can discuss the methods, the theory
behind the problem, the possible solutions. 

And finally, ยง 19, point 4 of [Academic Regulations](https://www.pw.edu.pl/engpw/Academics/Academic-Regulations):

*If during the verification of learning outcomes achievement, it is established that the
student works with external assistance or uses materials or devices unauthorised by the
course regulations, the student shall be awarded a fail grade and shall lose the right to
pass the course being currently pursued.*

In short words - the whole course is failed in case of plagiarism.
